[Music]
hi I'm Miriam from BBC good food and I'm
going to show you how to make
toad-in-the-hole
the first thing we need to do is cook
our sausages I've got 12 to pilatus here
they just go into the roasting tin with
a tablespoon of sunflower oil mix that
round to coat and then you need to put
them in the oven at 220 degrees or 200
fan they'll take about 15 minutes until
they're nice and golden now we can move
on to making our batter it's basically a
Yorkshire pudding butter so I need 140
grams of plain flour and half a teaspoon
of salt and then I'm gonna make a well
in the center to add the eggs
[Music]
to describe two large eggs in
and now I need to add 200 mils milk you
need to add this bit by bit to make sure
the bath is really smooth I'm using
electric beaters to do this as well but
you can use a wooden spoon or a balloon
if you'll need to add it even more
gradually
[Music]
the sausages are almost ready so I'm
going to transfer the batter to a jug
because in this work really quickly for
the next bit
you need the fat to be really hot while
you do this so you need to work super
quickly and just pour the butter over
the sausages and around them
and that goes straight back in the oven
for about 25 to 30 minutes until it's
risen and all golden so there we are
toad in the hole is cooked beautifully
just serve it with your favorite green
vegetables and some gravy
[Music]
you